hi I'm Sharon Shaw here with tuss and
Susan Sasser at this project in Bucks
County that we've been touring toss how
did you get started with ela and meet
Keith Frederick actually want to get a
price check on a competitor and brought
Keith in DLA he was recommended to us
from another source and I thought he
would come back with kind of a an apples
to apples oranges oranges but just like
look at the same thing but Keith's in
his group and his King came back
actually with a whole different concept
and it wasn't that it wasn't even a
money at that point it was like the
design we'd like the detail were like
like the whole approach differently they
didn't come back with just the same
thing but came back with really a
completely completely different approach
to it which I had a lot of respect for
that actually I really did he sort of
took our ideas in mind but he he changed
them to what was going to be most
convenient for us so it sounds like
Keith really paid attention to what you
needed without us even knowing what we
needed he took a look at the property we
took a look at what we were working with
he was listening to us and understanding
what it was we actually won
in the first place and yes we came up
with the plan
when we built the house the Sun comes
from here shines from five to seven you
can't be outside because the sun is
shining brightly and you're sweltering
and we heat we have a builders stoop
that you know we would sit on and
literally have drinks or whatever prints
over in ela picked up on that but now we
can come out we can have friends over
any time of the day we can sit here we
can cook we can enjoy the fireplace we
can enjoy the scenic view we can enjoy
everything it's just it's one of them I
can't tell you how perfect
you